# Predict-Stock-Price-and-Optimize-Portfolio
The stock market is constantly changing. Usually, stock price reveals information about the company but not all. 
According to the efficient market hypothesis, the stock market can be divided into two types. One is the inefficient market. In an inefficient market, the stock price contains no information and moves randomly. The other one is the efficient market. The efficient market can be further divided into three forms: weak, semi-strong, and strong. Weak form tests study the information contained in historical prices. Semi-strong form tests study information that is publicly available beyond the historical prices. Strong form tests regard private information. Inefficient stock market and weak form stock market are prerequisites of quantitative trade.  
Investors can perform analysis on a single stock, industry, or market-driven factors to build an optimal portfolio and try to beat the market to gain an excess return. However, making predictions about the dynamic stock market is still a difficult task for most financial experts. 
Recently, with the fast-growing of machine learning, many researchers and financial experts have applied machine learning models such as Support Vector Regression (SVR) and Long Short-Term Memory(LSTM) to stock market prediction. As expected, these models have generated fairly satisfactory results in terms of stock market trend prediction. The main purpose of this report is to explore the performance of portfolio optimization models with several machine learning models’ stock price prediction. 
The “Predict-Then-Optimize” framework is adopted in the whole experiment process. The inspiration for using this framework comes from one of the famous quotes by Jordan Belfort: “No matter what happened to you in the past, you are not your past”. Using historical information to represent the future is meaningless since the market is changing rapidly every day, even every second. Therefore, it is crucial to apply prescriptive analytics that gives recommendations around the optimal movement to support future stock trading processes. 
